"Best phone in offered price"
"Not worth by the price. Battery gets damaged in very first month."
"Nice"
"Camera is not good at all. It does not focus close objects. Picture becomes blur for closer objects.Battery life is okay. Had problems with the Turbo charger."
"Very nice"
"Overall good phone"
"Phone works excellent..but camera quality is not so good... especially the secondary camera"
"In just three months my mobile was at service centre for motherboard replacement. Issues where auto reboot daily, finger print scanner not working sometimes, power key completely dead... i dont know it was used phone or new phone. First time bad experience with amazon. Not at all happy.😔"
"I'm not showing camera depth mode feature"
"I am very happy with Moto g 5 s plus mobile and thank you very much amazon"
"Don't buy this phone"
"Good quality of sound"
"Average phone"
"My bhone will be lost."
"Very good product and it's battery is life is too good U can use continue more than 12hr only one time full charge, no heating problem while you planning PUBG, ASPHALT 8,9 etc"
"Hi frndsI bought this Moto g5s plus 5months back. But now this mobile is giving problem with sound quality, voice call quality is too bad. Literally I have to put pressure on my ear to hear the voice calls. Also it's a 4gb RAM but still hangs during operating.Think twice before you place order on Amazon. Better go for mobile shopees.ThanksVinod Powar"
"Still nothing to unlike"
"Good product but had issue with motherboard within 4 month after buying ..."
"I had a moto G4 plus earlier, was pretty happy with that phone so thought of going with next moto phone G5s plus.Some reason the phone set i got is not good in performance.1. Did not notice issues initial few days, but after a week phone gets hung so many times, in spite of i have updated phone with all updates it was flashing. Mot many app installed.2. Unlock sensor sometime is not responsive3. Had to restart phone 2/3 times a day, it really irritates.4. Got a faulty charger with phone, it only shows power sign (that too goes and come back)5. Will visit service center for these issues."
"This is lenovo phone not moto, its same as lenovo (not working properly).while using apps it automatically stops working,phone hang/lagging issue occurs very frequently.dont buy this phone as it does not have good features.and battery drains very fast.very slow Lenovo product.."
"I think it's high time we should stop buying mobiles under Motorola brand as they don't have proper support. They are ignoring latest models for software upgrade and delayed upgrade compared to any other small player. If something goes wrong with your phone they don't care, let's ditch moto"
"affordable phone with good quality."
"Speakers sound faded with time within 10 months only...camera not very impressive"
"It's been 7 months that I'm using this product. The charging wire isn't working."
"Motorola doesn't Give Updates"
"Value for money"
"nice mobile"
"Picture, Sound, Features, Battery everything is good but....Screen quality is very bad....I dropped it once and the whole screen shattered...twist is nothing happened to the tempered glass(it was of good quality).If you are saying it has gorilla glass then please provide one in the phone...don't cheat us by providing cheap quality glass...Its my first moto phone and I am disappointed. never going to buy a moto product again."
"It started getting banged within 6months"
"Buy it... It's really nice"
"All of the future are super"
"After purchasing Moto g3 and using that phone for straight 2 years..  thought to purchase same company phone.. Moto g5s plus.. was my worst decision to do. . battery charging is a problem..phone got dead on 2nd day.. and Amazon refused to return back.. as they say phone is not working we cannot trace EMI.. I should have went for court.. but gave to service centre.. turbo charger worked for a month then it takes 3 hours for full charge..And on top of that.. amazon gave me defect piece and refused to return it back. Won't buy any electronic from Amazon again."
"Picture and Sound quality are good"
"Battery is not good. Camera quality is not as good as we expected."
"I am writing the review after using the mobile for 4 months.Front camera on video calling is very bad. Its running on stock android so you will not get any badges count. Its software hangs sometime. Battery life is ok, with full charge it will last one day with normal usage. Rear camera is good don't expect too much. In my view if you are looking for a mobile just for calling and normal usage its good mobile to buy."
"Gud one"
"Best one within price segment. ...super tubro charging ...best camera ...never slag"
"I like this product"
"I Never use this kind of mobile and not able to dial number from this moto and hanging like a hell. So suggest users not to buy a moto any more."
"Good, but no compass"
"Display Issue after 3 months"
"Battery - Average. Sound and picture quality is good enough."
"It's worth the price"
"Good mobile phone. Worth for it's price."
"If you want a phone with long battery life and good make quality go for moto"
"Need to improve picture quality for potrait mode, other than that it's good."
"Picture quality must improve still not coming update"
"Excellent phone"
"Return request not submitted. Item not up to standard"
"Not even 6 months already facing battery issue."
"I like it.it is for my personal use"
"Moto was good brand till its 2nd gen phones after they failed for 3rd gen but they had huge come back with 4th gen devices but now its again happening since a year they are trying to provide software update still I can't see any chances for nowadays its must to update your devices but when you can't listen to customer then we also want your any devices. I'm selling my device today and never ever gonna buy any Motorola device again."
"Good"
"LIKE"
"good"
"Product is Very nice, but delivery boy behavior is very rude.."
"Camera is worst in this price range, it has dual camera but picture quality is worst than moto g5.. And no proper updates.. Remaining all good"
"not  very good"
"Over all a good package at this price"
"Its a genuine recommendation do not buy this phone since Lenovo is not providing any security patch and software update from last years compare to any other mobile brand Lenovo have made moto update worst after acquiring it.There are already battery issues, graphical,inbuilt video call and Volt is not supported and more you will realize it after doing mistake of buying it."
"Bekar h sala... Mi-user k liye kuch nhu h ismeSound quality poor.. battery poor"
"Great product"
"This review is after the usage of almost 10 months..I have not encountered a single issue with this handset..Picture quality at its best..Sound quality is smooth..Battery lasts a day (after turning on battery saver)Gorilla glass makes the touch experience smoothest..Real fast charging modewith my opinion.. Go for it 👍"
"Dual camera feature not working."
"After 6 months of usage, my 77 year old mom is happy as the touch screen works and there is no lag. Meets my expectations. With no app apart from WhatsApp, it's super speed."
"Charger is not working after 6 months"
"Facing lot of problem after one month of purchase ..Mobile got hunged up anytime ..No recording facility..No mirror casting with firestorm ..This will be my last motor phone"
"Pls don't go for this phone.Network is not stable.Heats up while charging.Sometimes apps crashes.Still running on Android Nougat.And this device is not upgradable to Android Pie.Till now didn't get Oreo. Better option is Nokia 6.1 plus."
"Good product"
"good phone to have....never hangs and battery life is good"
"Superbbbbb"
"Perfect phone in the given price the memory and the battery life is perfect"
"Nice product."
"Colour got fade"
"Very disappointed with this phone...the camera is already cracked without me dropping it."
"A good smartphone"
"Price drops and trusted"
"Not bad"
"I bought this phone at a price of Rs.10 ,750 on prime day sale  with HDFC card benefits, and I am really happy with its performance at that price , if we can recall most phones comes either as 3 GB 32 GB or 4 GB and 64 GB storage variants with different price tags and this phone is pure Android with less blotware moreover for torrenting and watching movies at same time this set is awesome as this would be understood by those who do torrenting via phone and watch a movie at same time .Most phones gets laggy or even frozen I tried with many sets Redmi , Honor, Lenovo etc and if we have the patience ,contact Amazon customer service I replaced my faulty set with their support, than complain about the faulty phone. Overall good but wish I get oreo update before I turn 30....😂😂😂"
"Sound issue"
"Overall this product is very nice."
"Camera is defective"
"There is security update popup on phone, I update it the phone restarts and after restarting it shows the same update again. I am tired of this.the phone doesn't get updated I think. I want to return this phone."
"Motorola can't give Android updates in time but still claim stock Android , Now days  there services gone very poor & This Moto G5S Plus came with Nogut and till now didn't got oreo and as per news it will not get Android P.So in my opinion not to buy this phone."
"Very good"
"I'm very happy with this product. Good camera, capable to handle high-end games. Better than moto g6 (which i purchased earlier and also returned)."
"My phone suddenly not working after 5 month. when i visit customer care. they informed. this product is unauthorized . seller downloaded unautohorized software. due to this. they can't relace mother board. i am surprised now. to whom i can discuss."
"Charging"
"Very good product and delivery system amezing super"
"Good phone"
"Amazon..shut your operationIts uselessThere is no value of customer satisfaction and quality of product here."
"The delivery was fast as I received the phone within a day. The packaging could be a bit better. The phone is great for the price as specs are really good. The battery lasts an entire day with heavy usage. Camera is decent. Very good in illuminated scenarios but struggles a bit in low light. Fingerprint scanner and NFC are valuable additions. Overall a great phone for the budget."
"Not good"
"Every thing ok"
"good value for money, nice battery backup."
" Very nice picture quality"
"Front camera is very low quality not happy for because front camera is not as expected"
"Overall phone is good.."
"After acquired by Lenevo,Moto phone are scrape now.I bought 1yr before and fron starting issues reporting but no solutions could provided.Bluetooth,hotspot are annoying connect reconnected.Features are untested and no Firmware update last 1 yr..Same cost others brand are much better."
"Overall mobile is worth to buy but only one problem I found is battery life.With continue use with internet mobile runs around 20 hrs."
"Good mobile phone"
"Very nice product"
"Sound quality is very poor with in one month problem arise there is no sound coming mobile"
"Good phone but the front camera is not so good"
"Dislike"
"It get restarted automatically.. heat problem.. suddenly its getting heat.. I have used almost 8 months I suffered with this problem last 6 months."
"Simply super mobile in this price range and also worth for money"
"Good phone in this price range"
"This phone is overheated when I am 15 mints call to continue as well as when we to go for the battery charge same issue of overheat and right now phone charger is not working, this issue facing last 2 month.When went to the authorized service center of Moto G in Karnal and Gurgaon, then not support and deny for support due to the original bill. As per received mail from your end or create a new bill from click option and find a new invoice copy, but authorized service center is demanding for original phone bill with mentioned the EMI number on bill paper. From shared you end we are not getting those type of bill which mentions these EMI number so please help me out and support as soon as possible and share the original bill or take alternative solution. ( Phone under warranty )Please find the attached phone invoice copy for your reference."
"Awesome handset"
"To review about this phoneThe storage is good also u have two slots for sim and memory card, u can exchange with another sim if u don't have a memory cardPicture clarity is not so goodAlso battery drains out easily, my charger isn't working also after 2 monthsSound quality is good so farAlso phone gets easily damagedIt's very slippery and my phone also have many cracks like just bcz it fell down from chairOh God I just want my phone to get exchanged"
"Charger replaced in 3 months. Again charger not connecting. This is so irritating. It should be sustain atleast 1 year but charging port or charger has issue"
"Apps crashes on this phone"
"Camera is worst front or back both"
"I am not satisfied camera and battery backup"
"No issues till now"
"Camera not clear"
"Worth for the price they are selling it."
"Horrible product does not reboot...Or restart after switch off this happens at least twice a week"
"Good at this price."
"Screen broken with in 2 days from the date of supply"
"Heating problem"
"All ok"
"Bought this phone 4 months back.but from starting phone has battery issue.first of all battery is not getting charged 100% and getting discharged very fastly.faulty battery.Messege app suddenly stopped working.I am not able to get any massege from any number."
"Best mobile ....in my life I used many handset ...but I garrenty Moto is best...."
"no os updatesnot giving problem of auto locking for which moto has answer of 3rd party apps doing,"
"Heating problem and it's not have a separate slote to memory card and "" It's suddenly hanging"""
"Not working properly ... device have manufacturing issues"
"Affordable phone with good performance."
"Headset speaker damaged within one month"
"Good product in this range, The battery life is really amazing. It takes around One and Half hour to charge completely.You Can buy it, without any doubt. Apply screen guard on it, just after receiving though its metal body but slippery also. Slipped on the first day from hand and bumped on the floor but due to super build quality and tough metal body, nothing happened to it."
"Camera quality is not good. When we compare to other devices which are having lesser pixel than this are performing well. In low light images are black. Bookeh effect are also not sharp. Front camera also not good even 5mega pixel phone doing nice job than this. I think you will solve this issue in software update."
"Nice phone"
"Been a year and still on Android 7. Goolgle has already launched Android 9 and here we are waiting for and update to 8"
"MI is better"
"I have been using this product since last one year and I m not convinced what moto gave us.Pros- 1.Phone feels solid in hands.2.The single button navigation is provide good features .3. The most I liked in it is the chop chop sensors.Cons-1. The camera quality is not up to the mark which earlier they said about it, however after the software update there are some changes but doesn't change a lot.2.The turbo charger provided with it is stopped working.3. There are some network issues which I feel in it.4. The processor is not so fast after the usage of almost one year."
"Has everything I wanted. Good pic quality. Speed. Sound clarity. Just that There are no button on the phone. Everything is touch panel. Hope the touch panel does not create any issues. File manager is bit complicated but I have to explore and see for other options."
"the portrait mode is not that good. everything else isvery good."
"It is a good phone"
"Battery backup issue... otherwise it's super"
"There is nothing to dislike"
"Nice mobile,"
"Like"
"I am using this phone from past 10 months, Device is kinda OKPros - Speed is great, Storage speed is still fast (app install pretty quick), screen quality is good. Fast charger working fine.CONS - GPS is broken, camera quality is bad. call recorder never works, audio quality is weak both spaker and headphone.Overall it dont make sense to buy this phone in 2018."
"Best phone by Motorola with this price tag"
"Good mobile and best for camera this is interested in night camera..."
"Good features"
"The product is good speed is awesome and only one problem is battery. If the Lenovo would have given with big battery this phone was best in this budget."
"Mobile having prob. Techinician also visited and confirmed same. But no response from amazon"
"Camera is worst. Motorola is very smart but they asked help from Lenovo so now Lenovo, Motorola is became bad. Actually Lenovo don't want any bad to them but bad for others so they created like this.Phone became very hot when it is on charging.Phone picture quality is some goog"
"Very nice phone. Touch and gestures are trump factor. It comes with a very decent price of 12000 which cannot be stated bad wit such superior specifications and camera is damn good."
"Value for money"
"Average phone"
"Nice"
"Good"
"Good"
"Nice"
"Good"
"Good"
"Dislike"
